Computer Science	Algorithms and Data Structures	Analysis of Algorithms	http://www.cse.wustl.edu/~bjuba/cse347/s17/	Brendan Juba	Washington University in St. Louis	TRUE	FALSE	TRUE	FALSE	Introduces techniques for the mathematical analysis of algorithms, including randomized algorithms and non-worst-case analyses such as amortized and competitive analysis. Introduces the standard paradigms of divide-and-conquer, greedy, and dynamic programming algorithms, as well as reductions. Also provides an introduction to the study of intractability and techniques to determine when good algorithms cannot be designed.
Computer Science	Algorithms and Data Structures	Introduction to Algorithms	https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-006-introduction-to-algorithms-fall-2011/index.htm	Erik Demaine and Srinivas Devadas	MIT	TRUE	TRUE	TRUE	FALSE	This course provides an introduction to mathematical modeling of computational problems. It covers the common algorithms, algorithmic paradigms, and data structures used to solve these problems. The course emphasizes the relationship between algorithms and programming, and introduces basic performance measures and analysis techniques for these problems.
Computer Science	Algorithms and Data Structures	Algorithms and Data Structures	http://www.cs.princeton.edu/courses/archive/fall12/cos226/info.php	Kevin Wayne	Princeton	TRUE	FALSE	TRUE	FALSE	This course surveys the most important algorithms and data structures in use on computers today. Particular emphasis is given to algorithms for sorting, searching, and string processing. Fundamental algorithms in a number of other areas are covered as well, including geometric and graph algorithms. The course will concentrate on developing implementations, understanding their performance characteristics, and estimating their potential effectiveness in applications.
Computer Science	Algorithms and Data Structures	Theory of Algorithms	http://www.cs.princeton.edu/courses/archive/spring13/cos423/index.php	Kevin Wayne	Princeton	TRUE	FALSE	FALSE	FALSE	This course is designed to provide students with an understanding of the principles and techniques used in the design and analysis of efficient data structures and algorithms. We shall discuss and analyze a variety of data structures and algorithms chosen for their importance and their illustration of fundamental concepts. We shall emphasize analyzing the worst-case running time of an algorithm as a function of input size. We shall also spend some time exploring the boundary between feasible (polynomial-time) computations and infeasible computations. This will include discussion of the notorious P vs. NP question.
Computer Science	Algorithms and Data Structures	Algorithms	http://jeffe.cs.illinois.edu/teaching/algorithms/	Jeff Erickson	Illinois	TRUE	FALSE	TRUE	FALSE	No description available
Computer Science	Algorithms and Data Structures	Algorithms	http://ozark.hendrix.edu/~yorgey/280/	Brent Yorgey	Hendrix College	TRUE	FALSE	TRUE	FALSE	No description available
Computer Science	Algorithms and Data Structures	Introduction to the Design and Analysis of Algorithms	http://www.cs.duke.edu/courses/fall10/cps130/index.html	John Reif	Duke	TRUE	FALSE	TRUE	FALSE	This course is an introductory undergraduate course on the design and analysis of algorithms. The course builds on the study of the analysis and implementation of data structures and algorithms from CPS100. The goal is to introduce a number of important algorithm design techniques as well as basic algorithms that are interesting both from a theoretical and also practical point of view. We will cover basic algorithm design techniques such as divide-and-conquer, dynamic programming, and greedy techniques for optimization. We will cover techniques for proof of the correctness of algorithms and also asymptotic analysis of algorithm time bounds by the solution of recurrence equations. We will apply these design and analysis techniques to derived algorithms for a variety of tasks such as sorting, searching, and graph problems. Some specific algorithm topics include: deterministic and randomized sorting and searching algorithms, depth and breadth first search graph algorithms for finding paths and matchings, and algebraic algorithms for fast multiplication and linear system solving.
Mathematics	Introductory Probability and Statistics	Introduction to Probability and Statistics	https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/mathematics/18-05-introduction-to-probability-and-statistics-spring-2014/	Jeremy Orloff and Jonathan Bloom	MIT	TRUE	FALSE	TRUE	FALSE	This course provides an elementary introduction to probability and statistics with applications. Topics include: basic combinatorics, random variables, probability distributions, Bayesian inference, hypothesis testing, confidence intervals, and linear regression
Mathematics	Introductory Probability and Statistics	Introduction to Probability Models	http://www.stat.purdue.edu/~huang251/stat225.html	Whitney Haung	Purdue	TRUE	FALSE	TRUE	FALSE	An introduction to basic probability. Emphasis is placed on formulation of models and applications. Probability calculus, standard distributions, random variables, and moments.Ê
Mathematics	Introductory Probability and Statistics	Introduction to Probability and Statistics	http://www.jonathanjordan.staff.shef.ac.uk/IntroPS/	Jonathan Jordan	University of Sheffield	TRUE	FALSE	TRUE	FALSE	The module provides an introduction to the fields of probability and statistics, which form the basis of much of applicable mathematics and operations research. The theory behind probability and statistics will be introduced, along with examples occurring in such diverse areas as medicine, finance, sport, the environment, law and so on. Some of the computational statistical work will make use of the statistics package R.
Mathematics	Introductory Probability and Statistics	Engineering Probability and Statistics	http://www.ece.utah.edu/~ece3530/	Tolga Tasdizen	Utah	TRUE	FALSE	TRUE	FALSE	An introduction to probability theory and statistics, with an emphasis on solving problems in electrical and computer engineering. Topics in probability include discrete and continuous random variables, probability distributions, sums and functions of random variables, the law of large numbers, and the central limit theorem. Topics in statistics include sample mean and variance, estimating distributions, correlation, regression, and hypothesis testing. Engineering applications include failure analysis, process control, communication systems, and speech recognition.